---
title: '32'
subtitle: 'another year around the sun'
date: 'July 30, 2021'
tags: 'birthday'
---

It was only a couple of days ago that I commited to posting an article at least once a week here on my blog. Since today is the day that I turn 32, I feel it's only right that I write a birthday post.

Similar to what [Matt Mullenweg](https://ma.tt/category/birthday/) (owner of Automattic, the company that created Wordpress) does on his birthday, it would be nice to write an article about the year that's gone by and capture my thoughts on this special day of mine. Matt has a yearly post dated all the way back to when he was 19, he's currently 37.

What a feat.

Unfortunately, I started this idea at 32, better late than never!

However, when I think about it, I have been writing a birthday post for the past 3-5 years now. They are just locked away in my private journal. I've lost the early entries, since I wasn't as organised as I am now, but I think it would be nice to post a public entry as well.

I'm 32.

How do I feel about it?

I'm grateful. Another year has gone by and I cannot complain about the life I have. I've grown a lot since the past year and that's what is important to me. I want to be able to reflect on each of these posts and see the growth at all levels.

It was around this time last year that I took it upon myself to learn how to code. More specifically, build websites and apps. In fact, I want to say that I was building this very website on this day last year. It looks completely different to what it was back then.

Since then, I've learned tons about the internet, how everything works, and how to build websites and apps. It has been both a frustrating yet rewarding experience. I'm looking forward to what I can do with all of this knowledge. Yet, I still have more to learn! I'm grateful that I took it upon myself to learn a new skill and I've been enjoying the entire process.

Life is great. I'm living with the person that I love with all my heart, in a country that I enjoy living in and learning new skills that I want to learn.

I have no complaints and can only hope that life continues this way. I look forward to reading back on each birthday post and seeing the progress I have made as a human being.

Here's to another year around the sun.
