---
title: '33'
subtitle: 'Frustration turned to gratitude'
date: 'July 30, 2022'
tags: 'birthday'
---

Out of curiosity I went on this site to double-check it and I forgot that I had written a birthday post. In fact, in the post I had written to myself that I will write a weekly entry and how interesting it'll be to look back at everything that I uploaded. I guess I failed there.

However, reading the post, it made me want to pick up this idea again and see where I can take it. I'm not going to put heaps of pressure on myself, but I think it'll be good for my development in several areas. For now, I'll jot down the idea and think about it a little more before I get stuck in.

Let's back to why I'm here, I've turned 33! For the past few years, I've been writing in my journal and expressing myself there, I usually have this tradition where I look back at what I wrote a few weeks, months, and years ago. I do this to remind myself how much I've grown and what I used to think like.

I'm grateful that I did this because it's changed my entire mood.

Leading up to today, I felt that I was stuck in a rut. Easily getting frustrated with myself about my lack of growth, how I'm not where I want to be, not seeing if I can even reach the goals that I've set out for myself. But when I traversed through the past few years in my journal, it made me realise how much I've grown in such a small amount of time.

I was constantly reminding myself to be grateful of the things that I have, who I'm with and to enjoy my situation. Lately, I've lost that way of thinking. Life got in the way and it made me a little bitter. I'm glad that I kept up such a tradition, it's rejuvenated my vigor.

In one entry, I talked about the topic of money and how I was going to change things around for myself within a year. In hindsight, it actually took me two years to reach what I had set out to do, but I reached it nonetheless.

I need to take the time to acknowledge and celebrate these wins. I was so caught up in creating a new goal that I forgot how far I've come, in such a small amount of time. My entries are riddled with wins similar to this.

I can imagine that I'm going to make the same mistake again, let life get the better of me and feel overwhelmed, but I hope this post will be a great reminder for when I look back to be grateful of what I've achieved, where I currently am and to look forward to all the new adventures I will experience in years to come.
